🌱 Clarify rules for adding new clusterctl default providers (#9975)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/commands/init.md

If the provider of your choice is missing, you can customize the list of supported providers by using the
[clusterctl configuration](../configuration.md) file.

> Important! The Cluster API project supports the ecosystem growth by adding to the `clusterctl` pre-defined provider's list
> any open source providers who asks for it, but provider's maintainer are the ultimately responsible for their own project, 
> the quality of it, and its support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Important! The Cluster API project supports ecosystem growth and extensibility. The `clusterctl` CLI carries a list of predefined providers sponsored by SIG Cluster Lifecycle, and out-of-organization third party open-source repositories. Each repository is the responsibility of the respective maintainers, including their quality standards and support.
```
